feat(content): Appropriate Elenchus Defense (#8316)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/hai reveal 5 philosophers.txt

ship "Frugal Defense Cannon"
	attributes
		"heat dissipation" 1
		"hull threshold" 200

> 		# once this loses (400 - 200) / 4 hull = 50 it will stop being frugal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		# Once this loses 50 hull ((400 - 200) / 4 hull = 50), it will stop being frugal.
```

> 		# given the gun does 0.5 hull per second, it will take exactly 100 seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		# Since the gun does 0.5 hull damage per second, this will take exactly 100 seconds.
```

> 		# the time it takes to fire is important for the gun to be in right position too

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		# The total time it takes to make this switch is also important to be sure that the gun is properly in position, too.
```

		"Defense Cannon"
		"Defense Cannon"
		"Defense Cannon"
		"Defense Cannon"
		"Defense Cannon"
		"Defense Cannon"
		"Defense Cannon"
		"Defense Cannon"
		"Defense Cannon"
		"Defense Cannon"
		"Defense Cannon"
	turret 0 0
	turret -80 20
	turret -70 -10
	turret -60 20
	turret -50 -10
	turret -40 -20
	turret -30 10
	turret -20 -20
	turret -10 0
	turret 0 10
	turret 0 20
	turret 10 0
	turret 20 -30
	turret 30 20
	turret 40 0
	turret 50 10
	turret 60 -20
	turret 70 10
	turret 80 0

outfit "Defense Cannon"
	category "Turrets"
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
	"turret mounts" -1
	cost 100000000000
	weapon
		ammo "Timer Weapon Rangeless" 0
		sprite "projectile/pulse"
		sound "pulse"
		"hit effect" "pulse impact"
		"inaccuracy" 1
		"turret turn" 2.3
		"velocity" 10
		"lifetime" 150
		"reload" 10
		"shield damage" 45
		"hull damage" 34

outfit "Timer Weapon Rangeless"
	plural "Timer Weapon Rangeless"
	category "Turrets"
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
	"turret mounts" -1
	weapon
		"velocity override" 10000
		"range override" 10000
		"lifetime" 0
		"reload" 60
		"firing hull" .5
		"turret turn" 10

hazard "Keep Cannon Close"
	"constant strength"
	"range" 1000
	weapon
		"gravitational"

> 		# the higher the mass, the more effect (so anything other than the cannon ship should be +- ignored)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		# The higher the mass, the more effect (so anything other than the cannon ship should be +- ignored).
```

ship "Frugal Defense Cannon"
	attributes
		"heat dissipation" 1
		"hull threshold" 200
		# Once this loses 50 hull ((400 - 200) / 4 hull = 50), it will stop being frugal.
		# Since the gun does 0.5 hull damage per second, this will take exactly 100 seconds.
		# The total time it takes to make this switch is also important to be sure that the gun is properly in position, too.
		"hull" 400
		"mass" 25000
		"drag" 25
		"automaton" 1
		"landing speed" 1
	outfits
		"Timer Weapon Rangeless"

> 		"Defense Cannon"
> 		"Defense Cannon"
> 		"Defense Cannon"
> 		"Defense Cannon"
> 		"Defense Cannon"
> 		"Defense Cannon"
> 		"Defense Cannon"
> 		"Defense Cannon"
> 		"Defense Cannon"
> 		"Defense Cannon"
> 		"Defense Cannon"
> 		"Defense Cannon"
> 		"Defense Cannon"
> 		"Defense Cannon"
> 		"Defense Cannon"
> 		"Defense Cannon"
> 		"Defense Cannon"
> 		"Defense Cannon"

Reviewer 2: This could be collapsed to a single line, I don't understand why it's expanded out like this?
```suggestion
		"Defense Cannon" 18
```

	turret 0 0
	turret -80 20
	turret -70 -10
	turret -60 20
	turret -50 -10
	turret -40 -20
	turret -30 10
	turret -20 -20
	turret -10 0
	turret 0 10
	turret 0 20
	turret 10 0
	turret 20 -30
	turret 30 20
	turret 40 0
	turret 50 10
	turret 60 -20
	turret 70 10
	turret 80 0

outfit "Defense Cannon"
	category "Turrets"
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
	"turret mounts" -1
	cost 100000000000
	weapon
		ammo "Timer Weapon Rangeless" 0
		sprite "projectile/pulse"
		sound "pulse"
		"hit effect" "pulse impact"
		"inaccuracy" 1
		"turret turn" 2.3
		"velocity" 10
		"lifetime" 150
		"reload" 10
		"shield damage" 45
		"hull damage" 34

outfit "Timer Weapon Rangeless"
	plural "Timer Weapon Rangeless"
	category "Turrets"
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
	"turret mounts" -1
	weapon
		"velocity override" 10000
		"range override" 10000
		"lifetime" 0
		"reload" 60
		"firing hull" .5
		"turret turn" 10

hazard "Keep Cannon Close"
	"constant strength"
	"range" 1000
	weapon
		"gravitational"

> 		# The higher the mass, the more effect (so anything other than the cannon ship should be +- ignored).

Reviewer: I don't think this works like this.

According to https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/wiki/CreatingOutfits :

`"gravitational": this tag (just by itself, no value following it) causes all ships impacted by this weapon to receive the same amount of hit force, as opposed to hit force decreasing in its effectiveness against heavier ships. (v. 0.9.13)`

This may be a non-starter without an alternate solution here?

Reviewer 3: In that case mb best it's not grav
The mass-force ratio needs to be tested tho

Reviewer 2: gravitation causes all ships to experience the same amount of *acceleration* due to hit force, the description is wrong in trying to be casual and easy-to-understand.
